hey what's up family it should graphic
an explore and welcome to the realest
channel on the YT beautiful weather I
had to come out here do it's a video
real quick in this lovely sunshine I
promised you guys a update on the out
red Indian baby soft wave hair this is
it right now this hair it Mets it
tangles immediately pretty much after
the first day of wear but I do find that
it is far more manageable when I co wash
my hair and I've been doing that almost
every day and the hair really seems to
revive at that point I really do like
the hair but I really am not sure about
the matching as you can see here my hair
is far more frizz era I'm actually
thinking about adding some additional
hair some additional track almost making
it a full sewin leaving very little of
the perimeter out I think this is really
kind of breaking my flow if you know
what I'm saying but my hair in
comparison just let me know
mind you I'm all in your face right now
but I don't like people all in my face
you were seeing me put this far away
when you say over here with a mask or
okay that's kind of kidding
double take let me know anyway I'll talk
to you guys really soon I'll post a
couple of pictures it's gonna look real
close to what I look like right now but
enjoy thanks for watching thank you for
commenting rating and subscribe and if
you have not subscribed yet go ahead and
do so your girl has tons of fun over
here on the channel so I'll talk to you
guys until the next video you will think